If there's a couch alone in the forest, does it snick?
Stay tuned.
While the kid is in the sea, there's a cat without it.
No sir, I don't like it.
It is I who am mad.
You've titty-nack-shaving Dr. Superd Robin,
how you singing happy happy joy joy boy.
I'm talking about the one and only,
when it's to be shown.
On the only network, will you?
Nickelodeon.
Kids pick the president wants to know
how different would it be if a woman got picked.
I don't think women could probably
pick the president because she wouldn't probably get the vote.
The world is so kind of sexist.
Well, I think women presidents would take care
of different things that men presidents would like, child care.
I think that we ought to have a male and female president
because they both have different opinions
and sometimes both of them is really good.
For now, you'll have to settle for the best guy
when kids pick the president on Nickelodeon.
I'm not careful, I end up in a bind.
It's un-big-age chocolate.
Take what's mine.
But I'm too clever, I'm much too weak.
I can make anyone fall for my tricks.
Oh, yeah.
Kill-ups, Coco Krispies are such a chocolatey
and delicious part of this complete breakfast.
Even the milk turns chocolate.
With every bite, so chocolatey.
Oh, everybody wants my Coco Krispies.
He's trendy little sister.
Gorgeous hair and adorable hat
and even cute little bows.
Meet Stacy.
She's got clothes for a party.
Clothes for shopping at the mall.
Clothes for school.
And that's not all.
Sharing so much fun to do.
So better, sister.
Steer.
Stacy Doll comes with a backpack and shopping bag.
Her skirt, top and jacket fit Barbie too.
Barbie dolls sold separately.
It's the new bottle from Kool-Aid.
Kool-Aid cool bursts and bursts away.
We burst off with a berry blast.
Burst the blast.
How cool burst bottle stops a thundering burst
when he bursts the blast.
And when the heat's the worst,
there's nothing like a burst.
Kool-Aid cool burst soft drink.
Swaggy wild burst style.
Chester Cheetah here,
hanging by the railroad tracks,
carrying those Cheetahs' brand snacks.
And look at that thing.
I'm in no mood to wait for this cheesy break.
I'll use my Cheetah's feet
to satisfy my greed for Cheetahs.
The cheese that goes.
It's not easy.
I think it was some ancient Greek philosopher
who first said that in order to be happy,
you should live your life in strict moderation.
That means not too much of what you do like
and not too much of what you don't like
just straight down the middle.
It's like this.
Eat as much of your favorite ice cream
as you can possibly stand.
Then, when you're a scoop away from hurling,
back off.
In the sun, long enough to match toast.
But hit the shade once you start
to look like a killer tomato.
Spend as much of your clothing budget
as you can on trendy shoes.
Hold off on that up-to-minute pair
that'll land you in Dorkville next week.
Personally, I think moderation is okay,
but only in moderation.
The point is to do more of what you want to do,
less of what you don't want to do,
and then convince your parents to let you do it.
Is moderation overrated?
Well, I'll let you know,
because I'm about to indulge in way too much of a good thing.
I'm going to watch 24 hours of total TV.
Thanks to Mr. Fudstein,
homework is about to be as easy as watching TV.
We've been assigned to study an ordinary object
to figure out how to improve it.
I've chosen television, natch.
Mr. Fudstein says the only way to know your subject
is to completely immerse yourself in it.
So, in order to improve TV,
I've decided to watch it for 24 hours straight.
Hey, anything in the name of science.
I know the ancient Greeks said all things in moderation,
but that's because they didn't have
remote control or cable guides.
Can you imagine life in pre-TVBC?
What are we going to do tonight?
Well, Sportopoulos,
I thought we could study astronomy for a while
and then discuss philosophy,
till it's too dark to see.
Sounds great.
Or we could do some painting on this pottery.
Pass me a hunk of dried bread, please.
Sure, for God bless, breath.
Why not? There's nothing else to do.
You said they were the good old days.
Personally, I'm glad to be on time for the 20th century.
Hi, Sam.
Hey, Clarissa.
So have you figured out your school project yet?
Yep, and I'm all set to watch TV.
Are you sure you should keep putting this off?
Who's putting it off, Sam?
Watching TV is my project.
You're going to improve television?
I'm gonna try.
I figure after I watch 24 hours,
I'll have a pretty good idea of what needs improving.
Wow. You get to watch TV
while I get to build the better vegetable.
So how's the search for the improved veggie going?
I figured that if I cross-pollinate a pea plant and a corn plant,
I'll get square peas that don't roll around on your plate.
Cool. Pea squared.
It's a big advancement to mankind, you hear?
What's with the accent, Sam?
My dad's discovered country western music.
He's been playing it non-stop all week.
I can't get that down-home twang out of my head.
I wonder what it all sound like after 24 hours of total TV.
I guess you'll know in 24 hours.
So, does this mean you're not coming to the spring carnival tonight?
Sorry, Sam. Schoolwork comes first.
But don't you want to watch me win the pie-eating contest?
Sorry, Sam. I guess you'll just have to choke down cherry pie
until it comes out your nose without me this year.
Okay, I'm off. I smell pie as a waiting.
You better get along, little doggie,
because I'm headed for the big TV roundup.
So long, partner.
Okay. What should I watch?
The Wide World of Mud Wrestling?
Roadkill 9-1-1?
Or America's Funniest Home Shopping?
Hmm. Before I make any big decisions,
I better go stock up on supplies.
Okay. I say we go with the leafier tree.
Oh, but, Marshal,
don't you think a beautiful flowering tree would be nicer?
Shannon, I thought we agreed, right,
that the bear spot in the backyard needs some shade,
and a flower tree looks great for four weeks,
and then I spend the rest of the season raking.
Don't worry about the yardwork, Dad.
Clues is very handy with a rake.
I'm not too bad for the baseball batting.
Oh, Marshal, let's get the magnolia.
Okay. All right. The magnolia tree it is.
You'll learn to love it.
Yeah. Who's going to help with the dig?
Sorry, Dad, but I'm booked. Remember, my school project.
Oh, yeah, that's right. Your TV thing.
Well, Ferguson, that leaves you.
Oh, Mom, Dad,
don't you remember my aching sacroiliac?
Yeah, well, this would be the cure.
Happy digging.
Come on, Ferguson. Let's get going.
Oh, Clarissa, try not to sit too close to the screen.
Don't worry, Mom.
And come join us when you need a break.
What break?
Better get a move on. Don't want to miss zero hour.
The future of television might just lie in my hands.
Okay. Supplies are stocked.
I'm relaxed. Yet alert.
Ready and raring to go.
Let the total TV marathon begin.
In five, four, three, two, one.
Well, I've been watching TV for four solid hours now.
Actually, four hours, 11 minutes and 23 seconds
according to my total TV time meter.
And I've loved every pixel of it.
Well, maybe not every pixel.
I've already seen 36 acts of violence,
seven commercials that make drinking look cool,
and more remarkable household cleaners than I ever knew existed.
But the best thing I've seen all day
was right outside my window during my 30-second eye strain break,
Ferguson sentenced to one afternoon of hard labor.
That makes up for all the times he's hugged the TV
and kept me from my favorite shows.
But you know, starting to wonder if I even have any favorite shows.
The shows look like commercials. The commercials look like shows.
And if you want information, they give you infomercials.
On the other hand, live TV can be pretty cool.
It puts you right in the middle of the action
for the Olympics, elections.
Hey, it's instant history.
Like, I wonder what would have happened
if Paul Revere's ride had been televised live.
Let's take a look at how things might have been.
We're here live with local silversmith Paul Revere,
who just hung one lantern in the North Church bell tower.
Paul, what's your message tonight?
The British are coming. The British are coming.
You heard it here first. The British are coming.
Thanks, Paul. Anything else you'd like to say?
You're right. Oh, right. One if by land, two if by sea.
Okay, fellow countrymen. That's the news.
Oh, one more thing. Arm yourselves.
Looks like you've got your work cut out for you.
You're right. I've got a world-famous midnight ride coming up.
And we'll be there with live up-to-the-minute coverage
every step of the way. Good luck, Paul.
Thanks for the exclusive.
Oh, remember, Sundays are savings days
at Revere Silver Shop, 10% off.
For patriots, 30 days, same as cash.
This is Clarissa Darling reporting from the Old North Church.
And now, back to you, George.
I know exactly how to improve TV.
Make it live all the time.
Of course, what would we do when things got boring?
Hey, I'm busy, Mr. Greenjeans. Don't you knock?
Hey, you're trekking mud all over my floor.
You mean my floor? A couple of throw pillows.
I could turn this place into something.
What are you talking about, Fergface?
Oh, once you go completely insane for watching all this TV?
I expect there'll be a vacancy.
I've always fancied a two-room suite.
Take a hike, Fergenstein.
Okay, but I'll be back.
Your eyes already look a little glazed.
That's because they're looking at you.
Anything you say, sis.
Just remember Molly McGillip.
Who? Never mind. Don't tell me.
Well, since you asked, Molly McGillip of Eugene Oregon,
she holds the world record for continuous TV watching.
So what?
So she went completely nuts.
They had to drag her away from the television
when she claimed to be Pat's age ex-wife
and can only communicate by singing bobble-oo.
Like, I might believe that.
Fine, keep watching. We'll have to put you in the basement.
Feed you yogurt until the men in white coats
haul you off to the funny farm.
Can't wait. I'll see you there.
Now, get out.
Great. I've already missed 11 and a half seconds of total TV.
I wonder if Madame Curie had to deal with annoying little brothers.
No flavorful.
We're now six hours deep into total TV.
So far, I've changed the channel 1,739 times.
And the only thing I know for sure
is that there's plenty of room for improvement.
Like, there should be a two-minute warning sign
before each commercial break
so you can get ready to make a sandwich.
And for each gratuitous babe in a bikini,
they should show Jason Priestley on a motorcycle.
I think I'm on my way to a scientific breakthrough.
Clarissa, calm down and join us
while it's still light out.
That's a good idea.
I am getting a bit of cabin fever.
I'll be right back.
So I'm glad you decided to join us.
Bit of sunshine doesn't have to get in the way
of scientific research, Mom.
You're gonna watch out here?
You can't expect me to just interrupt my project.
If I don't watch continuously, my research will be flawed.
Well, maybe the scientist could use a glass of lemonade.
Thanks, Mom.
You're welcome, Dad.
Thanks, Ferguson. You can leave it right there.
Oh, thanks.
Stay right where you are, sis.
And if there's anything I can get you, please,
don't hesitate to ask.
I want to make your last few moments of sanity
as comfortable as possible.
I have an idea. Why don't you chew on some tinfoil?
Look what I just happened to have found.
You might want to take a look at this.
Look, page 47, I highlighted the good parts.
TV overload psychosis? The major warning signs?
It's a well-documented phenomenon,
yet, lamentably, there's still no cure.
It's because they're still looking for the cure
for Toxic Fergbrust Syndrome.
Hey, look. It's the 24-hour weather channel.
Is it nature the best?
We're now approaching hour number 14 of total TV.
My biggest discovery so far?
It's not as much fun as I thought it would be.
There's no real give-and-take between you and the TV,
except it's giving me a headache.
Hey.
What's going on?
The channels are changing on their own. They're freaking out.
They're freaking me out.
The first irreversible sign of TV overload psychosis
is audio and visual hallucinations.
Specifically, delusions of involuntary channel changing.
This is easy to cure. I'll just shut it off.
Second symptom, hearing the TV after you shut it off.
I can't believe this.
Ten hours left. I must go on.
I can't go on. I will go on.
I've got to continue in the name of science.
Even if total TV drives me totally crazy.
The signal goes out.
The ferocious feline is on the prowl.
It's Catwoman.
But Bruce Wayne's custom coop is loaded with surprises.
Batman returns.
What was that?
It's Batman.
Catwoman sets a trap.
But Batman's unstoppable.
Batman strikes back.
Catwoman's back here.
Batman returns.
Bruce Wayne figure included with custom coop.
Other figures sold separately.
When the only network for kids teams up with the only dolphin for kids,
it's bound to make a splash.
Plunge right in with Flipper.
Weekday afternoons on Nickelodeon.
We all love them.
It's in the shape of a snack and honey.
The taste is really on and it looks kind of funny.
It's in the shape of a pumpkin-funky honey.
It's really great.
It's on the money.
I love video scavenger honey.
Let's roll.
Spider dogs, twins, rock group, group headstand.
Got it.
Twins?
I always see twins.
And McDonald's.
Oh.
Spider dog.
Hey.
A rock group.
For me.
Red convertible.
I always see red convertible.
At McDonald's.
Hey, we're doing great.
We're doing great.
Look.
Twins.
Hey, Mark.
I knew we'd find everything at McDonald's.
But why don't you say something?
Now on Nick.
Your children are...
This concludes the Late Late, Late Late Late Show.
Oh, no.
Not that channel-changing thing again.
At least we're winding down.
I think it's time for an extra-special total TV update.
Viewer discretion advised.
Late yesterday afternoon, Mom and Dad planted their tree right on schedule.
Saturday at 6.35, 30 central.
Will their little tree survive?
Stay tuned for the thrilling conclusion.
Mom's not a tree doctor, but she's been playing one in the kitchen.
Her special health formula has a secret ingredient.
Guess what?
Meanwhile, on a network all its own,
Ferguson's developed a sudden interest in electronics.
He's also got blueprints of my room.
Why? Does he think he can take it over?
This is one spin-off series that gets two thumbs way down.
As for me, I'm showing all the classic symptoms of TV overload psychosis.
If I don't do something fast, my signals may wind up permanently scrambled.
Hi, Sam.
Hi, Clarissa.
Hi, Hillary.
We wanted to be at the finish line.
Yes, so when do we start the countdown?
According to my total TV time meter, let the countdown begin.
Five, four, three, two, one.
Yes!
Congratulations!
So how do you feel, champ?
Like Molly McGillip after they hauled her off.
Molly who?
Guys, do I look funny to you?
You mean like foes of the clown?
Yeah, funny ha ha or funny weird.
Funny I'm completely loony.
You're not loony, you've just been up all night.
It's hard to concentrate when the channels won't stop changing.
Yeah, that's weird.
You mean it's not just me?
Yeah.
Wait, watch what happens when I turn it off.
Where's all that TV noise coming from?
You mean you hear it too?
Hey, it's coming from the speaker.
The speaker?
That's great!
Why?
It's annoying.
But it means I'm not crazy.
I thought it was just in my head, but now I see.
It was just across the hall.
What are you talking about, Clarissa?
Come on, I'll show you what I mean.
Bad James Bond movie to me.
Burgras been trying to convince me my brains are scrambled by scrambling the TV.
The sickest part is, I almost fell for it.
Nat, you are just in a weakened state from pulling in all nighter.
Bergbeest is the one that's going to be in a weakened state when I get through with him.
So what are you going to do?
What any self-respecting sibling would do.
Strike back.
But don't forget your school projects.
Don't worry, it's all part of the big picture.
I'm going to improve television and the quality of my life in one stroke.
Here's my idea.
Hi, Clarissa.
Hi, Mom.
Why are you carrying that TV around?
You're not still watching, are you?
No, the viewing's over, but I'm carrying it around too.
Well, get a feel for it.
The rest of this TV thing.
Why didn't you come outside with your father and me for a little while, huh?
I'd like to, Mom, but I can't interrupt my regularly scheduled programming.
Okay, dear.
And now, here's Johnny.
Please, have some juice.
You're looking very peeked.
It's not just for breakfast anymore.
Oh, and could you please pour a glass for my friend, Mr. TV, too?
Sure.
It's nice to have friends when you're... crazy.
So, should we call the linear bin yet?
Call now. Only $2.99 for the first minute.
$0.50 for each additional minute.
Really, sis?
Tell me more.
Please stand by.
This is a test.
This is only a test.
That's beautiful.
I'm so happy for you, sis.
If you act now while supplies last,
you'll receive this free commemorative liberati plate with your order.
Yeah, right.
A liberati plate. That sounds great.
I'll take a dozen.
Enjoy the room.
Yes, and thanks for playing.
We have some lovely parting guests for our runners-up.
That's very interesting.
But hold that thought.
I've done it.
Ferguson W. Darling is super genius.
Super idiots more like it.
Now that the bases are loaded,
I think it's time to knock Ferg Face out of the park.
What? Where are you?
Here!
Where?
Where did you get on TV?
I'm not...
What is this?
Hi, Clarissa.
Hi, Sam. How's it going?
Hey, where's Clarissa?
Oh, I know her. See ya.
Help, Sam! I'm trapped!
Clarissa?
I'm going in there.
Oh, please.
Spare me. This is clearly a videotape.
But there's no tape in there.
What do you mean?
There's gotta be a tape in there.
And how do you think I can answer you?
Checking the weenie?
Hey, hey!
That feels weird!
Ferguson, stop!
Hey, don't just sit there and do something!
My pixels are starting to go fuzzy!
That best friend lost in TV land forever!
Help me. I'll never watch TV again if you just get me out of here!
This is stupid. I'm turning it off.
Don't touch it, Zio. I may never come back.
Don't do it, Ferguson.
How can you cancel your own sister?
Somebody, stop!
I didn't do this. She's the one that watched too much TV.
You can't pin this on me. This is not my fault.
You drove her to this, Ferguson.
You can't prove anything!
The coast is clear. You did great.
It worked?
He's totally freaked.
The TV snow was a great effect.
I guess all those years in the AV squad finally paid off.
Yeah, and the attic is a great TV studio.
You should have seen Ferguson's face.
Yeah, the one time I wanted to see Furgwad's mug, I missed it.
Dad, TV is a powerful medium.
In the wrong hands, it could be extremely dangerous.
Forget it, Ferguson.
We're not going to take away Clarissa's TV privileges just because she tricked you.
No.
Bless you.
I can't believe I'm allergic to Magnolia Block.
I know. We should have gone with the elm tree.
Sam, peas on the cob is much better than square peas anyway.
And all it took was hard work, discipline, and a little crazy glue.
That's one small bite for man, one giant meal for mankind.
Say, Sport, how'd your project go?
Here, I'll show you.
No thanks. I've had all the TV I can stomach for a while.
Oh, come on, Ferguson. Let's have a look.
Besides, this isn't regular TV.
It's new and improved interactive Clarissa vision.
Hi, and welcome to Untv.
After an intensive analysis of the value of TV,
I decided it would be a lot more fun if we could interact with it.
How did you think about Clarissa?
Believe it or not, Ferguson provided the inspiration.
I just want you to know I didn't believe your child was praying for a minute.
Interacting with your TV is easier than you think.
Ready?
Okay, here's interactive TV exercise number one.
First, pull up your remote.
Good.
Next, aim it directly at the screen in front of you.
Now you got it.
And for the third and most important step,
locate the power button and click it off.
Bye.
TV or Untv, that is the option.
That gave command center its time for Gotham's greatest hero, Batman Returns.
Not a bad less.
Batman makes a crashing entrance and sends the penguin flying back to his arctic hideout.
Without warning, Batman appears.
Surprise, penguin.
Pity, penguins can't fly.
Batman Returns.
That gave command center and figure soul separately some assembly require.
So our gym teacher, Mr. Fennazo,
thinks we eat Kellogg's Frosted Mini Wheats because it's very nutritious
and they know I don't have a clue.
The sweet taste is so cool and it's loaded with whole grain wheat.
I've told them a thousand times they need frostings and lots of it.
This stuff is essential for proper character development.
Kellogg's Frosted Mini Wheats tastes so good, who cares about anything else?
Besides, it's part of this complete breakfast.
One day, they will be the pillars of the community.
All revs up for the Indy 500 victory lane, race set from Carrera.
If you rip around the awesome track design, warm up using sluts,
then really heated up running sluts.
Blast in two turns, the high speed performance hook keeps your Indy racer on the inside track.
Run into any tie with slut or slottness racing, the new track design
and high speed performance hook all featured in the new Indy 500 victory lane, race set from Carrera.
It's guess who.
The mystery face game.
The fun is trying to guess when you play guess who.
Is your person bald?
Yes.
A very good question.
Does your person have a beard?
Uh-huh.
An excellent clue.
The fun is trying to guess when you play guess who.
You wear glasses?
Yep. Uh-oh.
That means it's not you.
Mama.
Or you.
Bye-bye.
I guess you're tied.
You win.
Let's play guess.
The fun is trying to guess when you play guess who.
Game cards do not actually talk.
Where are the cornpox?
Great.
I'm dying for pops and he just sits there.
Stay calm.
I'll find him.
Oh, like sweet pop when you always want more.
And the alien child's not talking.
Ah!
What an angel.
Kellogg's Corn Pops is part of this complete breakfast.
I gotta have my pops.
Now free on Kellogg's Corn Pops.
A sample of Battelle's new games, scrutinized.
Find all you can in a minute.
Piece of cake.
Found it right there.
Nobody challenges the king of the schoolyard.
Nobody but Mikey.
Okay, King.
You and me.
One on one.
It's Super Slam Basket.
High-speed reload and realistic sound.
I'm warm and full of paint.
I'll pop it from the chair and strike.
I'll air me on this three-point range.
The scoreboard tells the team.
Nothing but neck.
Super Slam Basket.
Found full-court slam basket from Catacombs.
Hello, Max.
Oh, those sweet puffs of wheat.
I can almost taste them.
Yikes.
Oh, kitty.
Uh-oh.
Now for Kellogg's Smacks.
Ooh, here comes Kitty.
Here goes Kitty.
Kellogg's Smacks might just pull you over.
Part of this complete breakfast.
Ah, Smacks.
I pick them.
These are shallow flat gerry squalid
and married Joe Bobby Sue Jeanne Beth Parker.
Thank you, Dave.
Well, married Joe Bobby Sue Jeanne Beth,
tonight this stage you'll be filled with 50
of the most beautiful young women in America.
That's right, Gary, and the great thing is
49 of them will go home feeling like complete losers.
Not only that, everything about this show
is designed to make sure all 50 of them
are made to feel like pieces of meat.
That's great, Gary.
After all, looks are everything.
Boy, if those girls are losers, I must be a real bow-wow.
Hurry up and get to the swimsuit competition.
Why is the camera looking at me?
I'm not thinking anything.
Ever feel self-conscious about your looks?
Yes.
About your string of hair?
Or that zit on your chin?
Yes.
Or your funny-looking ears?
No.
Am I ears funny-looking?
Ever feel like everybody in the world
is staring at you?
Yes, it sort of feels like that right now.
Ever wish you could just crawl into a cave
and never be seen again?
Yeah.
Oh, but all the good caves are already taken.
Not anymore.
Now there's new, hide-and-go freak.
The portable cave from Shameco.
Whether it's a new croppazitz
or just a really bad haircut,
hide-and-go freak is like your own little world
where you're free to sulk
or just throw a tantrum all to yourself.
Just listen to these unhappy customers.
Go away.
What are you looking at, butthead?
Leave me alone!
Hide-and-go freak even comes with a built-in feeding hole.
Honey, I know that you're upset,
but you've got to keep your strength up.
Yeah.
Order now to see this hand-crafted bedpan.
Absolutely free.
Hide-and-go freak.
Perfect for the whole family.
Sweetie, my mother's going to be here in five minutes now.
Where are you?
Get yours today.
You know, Mary, Joe, Bobby, Sue, Jeannie, Beth,
these ladies come here to beautiful Southwest Claude County,
primarily for the pageant,
but there are plenty of other activities
to make their week exciting and fun.
That's right, Gare.
Hiding in beautiful sighting at the New Wave County.
Then our ladies enjoyed a complimentary lunch
provided by I Can't Believe It's Weasel.
After a playful nature hike
and shoes provided by the American Council
for sharp things made out of competition.
I used to spend hundreds of dollars a year
on makeup and other beauty products,
not to mention countless hours in front of the mirror
trying to look my best for my precious family.
Then I made an amazing discovery
that nobody gives a flying fish what I look like.
Oh, no, honey, really, you look fine.
Come on.
You know what the truth is,
I'm a middle-aged housewife with two kids
and a husband who wouldn't notice
if I had hair growing out of my teeth
and a pig act through my head.
That's why I use Oil of Okay.
Oh, sure, other products cost more
and they do a better job,
but who's gonna notice anyway?
Hold it right there, honey.
Yes?
You look like you're headed to the kitchen.
Could you get me some stowed prunes, please?
Oil of Okay.
The secret to average-looking skin.
What is it about Cindy Crawford
that makes her the hottest model of our time?
Cindy, it's gotta be the mole.
No, Mars.
It's gotta be the mole.
It's not the mole, Mars.
What about the mole?
It's gotta be the mole.
It's not the mole, Mars.
Please, Cindy, Cindy, Cindy,
please tell me it's the mole.
Mars.
It's not the mole.
I got you, they go Cindy Crawford.
Cindy Crawford.
Now it's time for everyone
to really ogle the contestants
as they walk down the runway.
Live next Saturday on Snick.
Go ahead, make your move.
Jump into the magic whirlpool.
Turn the whole kingdom upside down.
You can't win unless you escape.
It's your key to adventure.
Can't get enough of that golden taste.
Can't get enough golden crust.
It's the golden tasting part
of this complete breakfast.
Set them up.
This bowling stuff's right up my alley.
Shark attack bowling is the sport of sharpens.
The shark is the ball and the fisher is bins.
I don't love to let them go.
Attack bowling.
It's shark attack bowling.
Sneak up at them slow light
then I strike.
Shark attack bowling.
Knock down the most big squid.
I don't love to let them go.
Shark attack bowling.
It's shark attack bowling.
I win.
Shark attack bowling.
Sure beats vision.
More roundhouse on name.
I'm sick.
You're such a pathetic geek.
I'm such a pathetic geek.
How come you're hanging out with me, huh?
Good question.
Oh, see, boys are so stupid.
It's true.
You could spend years
trying to teach a typical boyfriend how to behave
or you could just grow your own from scratch
from the people who brought you see monkeys comes
boyfriend in a bottle.
Sweet and sincere.
That's right.
Boyfriend in a bottle comes in sweet and sincere
or lucky and dangerous.
Just pour the contents into a jar
and store in a cool drive place.
Just a few days your boyfriend larval
will start to develop.
He hasn't had his shots yet.
And in no time at all,
you'll have a new boyfriend
you'll be proud to call your own.
Wow.
Are you my new girlfriend?
Uh-huh.
I must be the luckiest boy in the whole world.
And no more heartbreaks
because with boyfriend in a bottle
you can train him to be just like you want him to be.
Hey, look.
There's your darling friend sharing.
On the glass?
With boyfriend in a bottle
you're always right.
Sweetheart, I was just wondering...
I'm sorry.
And the best thing is
when you get tired of your new boyfriend
you don't even have to bother breaking up with him
because boyfriend in a bottle is disposable.
Hey, you.
What do you say we head on up to the mall
and spit off the escalator?
Oh, okay.
But I just need to take care of one little thing.
Boyfriend, you can always grow your own.
My best friend Helen and I
both got new perms yesterday.
But when we went out last night,
she got all the attention.
And to make matters worse,
I finished her dinners at home.
Accidentally, how?
With the new Electra Perm 2000.
Just insert Electra Perm 2000
into any standard 110-volt wall socket
and in seconds you'll be the life of the party.
Hey, great perm, Helen.
Not only did she look great,
but she taught us all a hot new dance.
Perm is just a die-far.
Trust me, she almost did.
No.
The new Electra Perm 2000.
Easy to use?
Sure.
It's expensive, you bet.
Save?
Hey, what do you want for two bucks?
I love what you done with your hair, man.
The new Electra Perm 2000.
A shocking statement for today's complacent hair.
Hold it right there!
Clearly irresponsible.
What in Sam Hill is going on here?
Now kids all over the country
are going to be putting these things in wall sockets.
I don't think so.
Go back to the story about the beauty pageant
and kids at home.
Don't ever put anything in an outlet.
Check the beds.
There's a loony on the loose.
I'll never forget when I was a contestant.
Years ago.
Whether you win or lose,
you make wonderful friendships
that will last a lifetime.
Let's go backstage.
Excuse me,
but what kind of ugly color of a nail polish
and wanskees are you
to be insulted in my evening gown?
Oh yeah,
but what kind of wrong condition
of a dry color treated hair
using skank look like shaman or swimsuit?
That's the scene backstage at the pageant
where our two competitors
have launched into the first round of
Girl Fight.
Let's join the action as Cindy Winman
from Mrs. Zimmer's Home Home
is making an offensive move.
You know,
I think maybe you should consider
taking that wrong
out of this decade
having behind to a stable place.
Oh, it's an intense taunt from Cindy.
Let's see how her rival,
Julie Briggs,
bearded cheerleader
and home ex-challenge responds.
Oh, I'm so sure I'm intimidated.
I'm just shaking in my shoes,
which I might add
are so much better coordinated
with my dress than yours.
It's not even a musical.
Ow, it's a ripping return
from the plucky pom-pom girl.
We may see a physical response
from her rival
who has been training nonstop
with a hair pulling expert.
That's it.
Looks like we got a tie break situation.
Join us next week
when we pry these two feisty females apart
for another round of Girl Fight.
And now we have a special guest
performer for tonight's show.
Presenting the newest rock sensation
of the 90s,
mutated from the genes
of Eddie Van Halen
and he hugs Roy Clark.
It's the world's first
and only heavy metal bluegrass
banjo playing folksy.
Toby!
Just a few.
So the rest of them
will have to stand up here
over dressed
and feeling really rejected and depressed
while trying to maintain
a phony smile.
Then we'll parade the rest of them
in front of the cameras
so that people at home
can see their scores
at the bottom of the screen.
That way everybody can get a good laugh
at the expense of the girl
with a big confident smile
who's only scored a three and a half.
We'll be right back
with more humiliation
right after these phony commercials.
What makes Julia Roberts
one of the hottest actresses
of our time?
It's gotta be the lips.
Julia, tell me please, please.
It's not the lips, Mars.
Try new Pestoff.
Sure it works on roaches, ants,
and silverfish,
but it also tastes care
of the real pests,
the ones that bother you
outside your home.
Howdy, Krishna.
No problem.
Pestoff can handle them.
Works on street mimes
and those guys who try
to wash your windshield
without you asking them to.
Isn't that incredible?
That's good.
What do you mean good?
Isn't it the most fantastic product
you've ever tried?
Well, don't you just want to
jump up and down and shout
his praises?
Don't you just hurry up by using?
Don't get mad.
Get Pestoff.
Back to Snick after this.
In the Batman Returns Handheld Game
What do you want?
You must destroy
the penguins' evil army
and defeat the catwoman,
then face the penguin himself.
You don't really think
you'll win, do you?
Yes.
The Batman Returns Handheld
Electronic Game.
It's a Nickelodeon Orange Appeal.
I'm Merv.
From Welcome Freshmen.
Yeah, me too.
I mean, I'm not Merv.
I'm from Welcome Freshmen.
And your name is?
Walter.
Walter is living proof
that teachers have
one of the world's hardest jobs.
Yeah.
Huh?
So show a little teacher appreciation.
They deserve a break.
This Orange Appeal
is brought to you by
Education First
and the First Kids Network.
Maybe if I'm president,
I can get tricks
with yummy fruit shapes.
Excuse me.
A vote for me
means for Rudy-tasting tricks
for everyone.
With breakfast,
lunch,
or dinner.
And the rabbit's good enough to
say tricks
of Rudy-tasting part of the...
So much for new ideas.
I dreamed I gave
a magic tea party
with easy for me and you.
A tea party dream came true.
It's the magic tea party
and it's full of colorful surprises.
Pour clear water from the teapot and...
Looks like tea-tea!
Dip the spreading knife in water and...
Looks like jam for crackers.
Lovely party.
The magic tea party
comes with everything here.
I'm McSluck, the crime dog.
With a few tips
on how you can keep
your home crime-free.
First of all,
always make sure
you lock your doors
at night.
And always report anything
suspicious to the police
right away.
Hey, dog!
Psst! Don't do that!
Shhh! Sorry, guys.
Don't do that.
It's my job to make
your job as tough as possible.
Oh, McSluck.
Dog, you want a T-bone?
Nice try, fellas.
I'm a vegetarian.
Oh, come on, doggy.
Glitter!
Yes!
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh!
Oh, there!
I see your angle.
You scratch behind my ears.
I scratch behind yours.
Nothing doing.
Hey, McSluck,
how about some reg?
Oh!
Take the house!
Take the money!
Take everything!
Take all your what!
You're going to have it!
It's all yours!
I'm Bavar Bush,
and reading is important.
Now there's a new way to enjoy
some of your favorite
works of literature
with new toilet paperback novels.
Soft on your skin
and beneficial to your mind,
toilet paperback novels
educate and entertain you
at a time when you're
most relaxed
and open to new ideas.
And furthermore,
you won't have to fuss
with those clumsy
bookmarks anymore.
Enjoy favorites like
Islands in the Stream.
And goodbye, Mr. Chips.
For the young readers,
there's the little engine
that could
and Winnie the Pooh.
And for some of those
irregular days,
there's modern classics
like Misery.
My personal favorite
is a time-honored classic,
Margaret Mitchell's
Gone with the Wind.
Bavar wasn't going there
right now.
I just finished
six chapters of Death
in the Afternoon.
Oh, George.
America,
let's pick up a book
and wipe away illiteracy.
And now,
Mary Joabobbi,
Sucini Beckwood
do an interview from the
dressing room
so we can show a lot
of gratuitous scenes
of women running around
half-dressed.
Ow!
You hit me.
You were leering.
I was watching.
Oh, honey,
this is watching.
And this is leering.
All right.
I'm sorry.
If I do it again,
I'm fine.
And now,
with on to our exciting
talent competition,
since our contestants
have very little talent,
we'll just show
some clips of some of
the acts that took place
earlier.
I will now demonstrate
the art of speed dialing
from a reclined position.
Local
and long distance.
And for my encore
rotary.
Right.
So now,
you put the
tang in the water
and then you stir.
He met this fellow
and they knew
that it was much more
than a hunch
that this group
must somehow
form a family
that's the way
they all became
the Brady Bunch.
Now, soon we'll find out
who'll be the new
Miss American Universal
International.
I look better than you
right after these messages
from Mad Max Factor.
Tired of spending more
money on makeup
than you do on food?
Sick of wasting countless hours
fritzing with your
hair and clothes,
then stop.
Now, there's a new way
to get praise and admiration
from all those around you
without doing a thing.
In the future,
post-apocalyptic world
comes a revolutionary
new approach to beauty.
Introducing
the ultimate
beauty consultant,
it's Mad Max Factor.
I've been dieting
for two weeks.
I wonder what the scale says.
What are you trying
to do, Lardo?
Kill me?
You know, mate,
I think you may need
to be recalibrated.
No, no, really.
She's light as a feather.
Is she on yet?
Tell her to get back on.
Yes, with Mad Max
Factor,
you can be as beautiful
as you want
with no effort at all.
We're not worthy!
With Mad Max Factor,
all your dreams come true.
Mirror, mirror on the wall.
Who's the fairest of them all?
Queen, gotta be the queen.
Snow White is a bag.
Mad Max Factor,
he puts beauty back
in the eye of the beholder.
What is it about Dolly Parton
that makes her stand out
as one of the most
noticeable talents
of our time?
It's gotta be the...
Nah, ain't touching this.
Swimsuit competition,
Miss Hawaii.
Ow, what'd you hit me for?
But she's not even on yet.
She hasn't even come on.
Whoa!
Well, that was a good call, honey.
You better hit me
a couple more times.
No!
Stop!
Man!
You can't live with him
and you can't do this sketch
without him.
And if I win the title,
I will use the scholarship money
to work toward a career
working with abused,
unborn, crippled,
blind dolphins
with dyslexia.
Thank you.
I wanna do that too,
only more.
And plus, I love my country.
Oh.
Well, Mary, Joe, Bobby, Sue, Jeannie, Beth,
that concludes our competition.
While the judges are making
their final decision,
we're gonna do a cheesy
pageant production number.
But we prefer her dumb and juice.
Organs of our mother.
It's a race.
Yeah!
Have a moment
you've all been waiting for.
Of course, I'll announce
that I thank the rest of the contestants
for being, you know, kind of ugly.
I have something to say.
I can't accept this crown.
Ooh!
I entered this contest
to prove a point.
It doesn't matter
what you look like on the outside.
The only thing that matters
is who you are on the inside.
And so, I can't wear that crown.
Did I forget to mention
a thousand-dollar grand prize?
Give me that!
Now what do you have to say?
Repeat the same song
and roll the credit.
Whenever my luck
I can go dancing again.
Keep snicking with
Ren and Steppy coming up next.
Plus, it's flying time
for Wilder Elementary.
As Nick takes over your school continues.
The signal goes out.
Crime is on the rise.
Batman returns.
Exploding with power,
the Bat Ski Boat thunders ahead
fully onto land
for a missile attack.
Gotta fly,
my dear Penguin Commanders.
The time has come
to punish Batman.
And surfaces.
Tearing into battle,
Batman blasts his torpedo.
King's all wet.
Gotham City's greatest hero.
Batman returns.
From Walt Disney Pictures,
Aladdin's lamp was the most powerful force hunter in the world.
So what'll it be, Master?
But an evil sorcerer
is determined to steal it.
The lamp is mine.
Not so fast, Jafar.
Now, only the courage of a lamp
and the magic of the genie.
Hang on to your sermon, kid.
Stand in his way.
Get the lamp.
It's Disney's all-new adventure classic,
Aladdin, rated G.
Starts Wednesday, November 25th.
All I wanted was a big bowl of Kellogg's cinnamon minibuns.
But is this my last swirl of sweet cinnamon?
Maybe not.
Say something for me, Jimmy.
There's a cyclone of cinnamon
in every bowl of Kellogg's cinnamon minibuns
part of this complete breakfast.
Glad you could prop in, CB.
Don't just sit there.
Pass the mill.
How do you cure boredom?
With bored games!
Mini-Clue Junior, out of control.
I'm sorry.
Free on specially marked boxes of Kellogg's cinnamon minibuns.
What the heck was that?
Uh, forgot what I was gonna say.
Come to the next level.
Find and connect four.
Four in a row, win.
Go for it!
I win!
Connect four.
Kids are poppin', troubles poppin',
tryin' to win the race.
Grandma's poppin', grandpa's poppin',
poppin' every place.
Everybody's poppin'.
Double Trouble from the Troublemakers
at Milton Bratton.
Kids are cheering for the Mighty Docs.
He was supposed to be a pep talk.
It's a definite winner.
A comedy that'll keep the entire family laughing.
You'll love the Mighty Docs.
Ready PG, now playing.
There's Log of Arabia.
Officer Log.
Athletic Log.
And Cheerleader Log.
You can explore uncharted Arctic terrain
with Sergeant Log of the Yukon.
And get set for super secret spy action
with Agent 00 Log.
And how about the all new Log,
Ryan Tamer Playset.
Girls, you'll swoon when you hear singing Log.
Log, Log, Log, Log, Log, Log, Log, Log.
Look out Earthlings, here comes the mysterious Log from Mars.
Kids, you can be just like Dad
with the Armchair Quarterback Adventure Playset.
And you'll have hours of fun playing Doctor
with the Log Authentic Civil War First Aid Station.
And it's this much fun.
It must be Log.
It's Log, it's Log.
From Blamo.
Thank heaven my cousin Sven is coming to visit.
I still remember the days when Sven and I
were in the whelping box together.
I can hardly wait to have an intellectual conversation again.
Excuse me, Ran.
It's time for my appointment.
Enough of your town foolery.
Cousin Sven, he's here.
Now you're gonna meet a dog with real breathing.
He's a whorek.
He's got my blood.
But last cousin, come on in.
Say something intelligent.
He is only you are Sven.
Sven, get in here you old yak, Gelder.
I want you to meet my friend Stimpy.
He's an idiot.
Wow!
Stimpy, say hello to a superior creature.
Hello superior creature.
He is only you are Sven.
Is that the face of intelligence or what?
Turn around you sick little monkey!
Whee! Wow!
I'll go get some refreshments.
Stimpy, help Sven unpack.
Okay.
But you are my new friend.
I share with you.
What's that?
It's my jar of spit.
I've been saving it since I was a child.
You saved your spit.
Right here.
I want to show you something.
It's my magic nose coblins.
Yimmy.
I picked them myself.
Look what I have for you.
What is it?
It's my ball of band-aids.
I've saved every band-aid I've ever used.
Here, this one's from 1962.
Joy.
I'll get it.
What's that?
That's just my brain.
It's always falling out.
It's so big.
I know.
You want to see mine?
Okay.
Golly.
Hey, Ren.
Your cousin is the coolest.
We're lodge brothers.
We both belong to the royal order of stupid.
Yeah, and now we show you our secret handshake.
I need to work now.
So don't do anything stupid.
What is this beautiful thing?
That's my first material possession.
Can I have some?
Sure, hop in.
I love this.
I know.
Subscriber.
What shall we do now?
I know. Let's play circus.
Look at me. I am a juggler.
And I am a bearded lady.
And I'm a sword swallower.
Uh, whoops.
We'll be back at...
Why is Nickelodeon the only network for?
Here, underdog is here.
Why?
This is the only place we want to be.
On Nickelodeon, the only network for you.
Question 3.
Surprise!
Gastro thinks it's a ruined outpost,
but you changed it into Super Sonic 4 America
with 8 electronic sounds and Ripple Fire missiles!
Super Sonic 4 America with 8 electronic sounds.
Cabbage pads splash in tank kids.
They love taking baths,
and you can even wash their hair.
I'm gonna bath my splash in tank kids.
Cabbage pads splash in tank kids.
Each purchased separately.
Hey, what are you guys doing?
Get lost, Frankie.
You eating Kellogg's apple jacks?
Duh.
But it doesn't taste like apples.
So?
And you like it?
We just do, okay?
Happily Cinnamon Apple Jacks is part of this complete breakfast.
You can't explain its great taste, so why try?
Kellogg's Apple Jacks!
We just get it!
Frankie, do you like Apple Jacks?
Duh.
And now back to snacks.
We have to tell you.
I hate rainy days.
Yeah, and me too.
I know. Let's play a game.
Let's see.
There's Scribble, and Gamey,
and Monotony,
and pure cheesy misery days.
These are boring games.
Joy!
It's the funnest game in the all-night world.
Don't whizz on the electric fence.
You set up the board, and I'll go plug in the fence.
Eight.
One.
Six.
Your team.
Eight.
Your turn, Brother Steampie.
Get dirt everywhere.
Well, at least I'm home.
I can follow my intellectual pursuits.
I offer records covered in bubble gum.
My collection of rare incurable diseases.
Violated.
No!
My dinosaur dropping.
Painted like Easter egg idiots.
The view.
I'm gonna do it here.
I'm so angry.
First, I'm gonna tear your lips out.
Yeah.
That's what I'm gonna do.
And then I'm gonna...
gouge your eyes out.
Like this, friend?
Yeah, you scary eyes.
Good. You scared, huh?
Next, I'm gonna...
tear your arms out of the socket.
And you wanna know what else?
I'm gonna hit you,
and you're gonna fall.
And I'm gonna look down,
and I'm gonna laugh.
But first, I gotta take a whizz.
Don't you go anywhere.
You stay right here.
Right on this spot.
I'll be back.
What's this stupid thing?
That's a game, Ren.
Yeah, it's really fun.
Oh, you like this game?
Oh, yeah, Ren.
We love it.
Oh, you like the game, huh?
Do you really like it?
It's our favorite game in the whole world.
Oh, you like the game, huh?
Well, how do you like these?
So, you whizzed on the electric fence, didn't you?
The Electric Fence
Skipper Show
Who's the greatest mudskipper of them all?
Who can skip through the mud with the greatest of ease?
What kind of wonderful guy
Who can crawl like a dog without scraping his knees?
Who's got segmented eyes?
It's Muddy
Mudskipper, it's Muddy
Mud
Skipper Show
From our sponsor,
the Mudskipper Show is brought to you by Gritty Kitty Litter.
Hello, friends.
Of course, you know that when it comes to absorbency,
odor control, and of course, flavor,
Gritty Kitty is the best litter money can buy.
But did you know that Gritty Kitty now comes with a prize inside?
That's right. In every bag, there's a neat prize waiting for you.
Collect them all.
There's the Shaven Yak litter box caddy.
A baloney sandwich.
A live crab.
A junior barbell set.
Real dynamite.
A fake toe.
A real toe.
A fish clip.
And don't forget, after you're through,
make sure to cut out the free mask.
Print it on the back of every bag.
Remember, if it doesn't say Gritty Kitty,
it stinks.
Our boy, Steepie,
we sure had fun today, didn't we?
So long, kids. Come on, Steepie. Say goodbye.
Where are we going?
The show's over. See you next time.
Next time? When's that?
It's pretty soon. Don't worry.
Pretty soon?
How long is that?
In a little wild man.
Ha ha ha ha ha!
What'll we do to a man?
Why, you could flush your toes.
Or you could eat olive loaves.
Ha ha ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha ha!
You could blow yourself up,
like a balloon.
Blow myself up.
Uh, goodbye, kids.
See you next time.
Micro Machines taking over the place
With real racing tractors
Ready to race!
Working bridges in an Air Force II
A car wash serving you
SuperBand City Micro Machines
The Micro Machine, SuperBand City.
You put it together, fold it up, take it away.
Vehicle back sold separately.
She's beautiful hair aerial.
She picks the flowers for her hair.
Hey, she has so much hair.
The dog that was changing, she sparkles.
Beautiful hair aerial.
Other dogs sold separately.
Ariel, Disney's The Little Mermaid.
Everything's ABC delicious in alphabet cereal land.
Come on!
A is for alphabets.
Wow!
B is for bowls with great tasting alphabets.
We're really honorable.
And it's for marshmallows and letters we eat.
B is for alphabets.
Alphabets and marshmallow alphabets cereal.
It's part of this breakfast so nutritious.
We want more alphabets because they're ABC.
Monkey's jumping monkeys by and free.
Fling them up into the tree.
Jumping monkeys, aim let go.
Try to hang them high or low.
Jumping monkeys, hang always.
There's so much fun.
Jumping monkeys from freshmen.
Everybody's running to get thin ice.
Take the tweezer in your hand.
And take a marble from the stand.
Don't run thin ice.
Put your marble right on top.
Thin ice from freshmen.
Cool.
With a Sega Menacer in my hands,
I'm not afraid of scuzzy criminals.
Parry bugs.
Slimy aliens.
Nothing.
Give your Aunt Bertha a big kiss.
Well, almost nothing.
The Sega Menacer
with six different games and four ways to play.
Genesis system sold separately.
Batteries not included.
Do you believe in magic?
And I hope you do.
You'll always have a friend
wearing big red shoes.
Anything can happen.
Right before your eyes.
Whatever you're expecting.
Expect a surprise.
Purple guys and funny fries all over the place.
Hey, talking with a friend
puts a smile on your face.
Will you believe in magic?
That's it.
And I hope you do.
A friend wearing big red shoes.
Magic.
Holding on.
When you believe in magic.
Still not here?
Like you're surprised?
She's always late.
It's the makeup. It's always the makeup.
If she's not beautiful, she stays home.
She'll be here.
She's got a great story.
Yeah, well, we have rules.
Whoa!
They've come to tell you a story.
Excellent, Chris.
It's time to begin my tale.
So, what's the get-up?
It's a new geek.
I'm doing this for a fact.
Sorry.
My tale is one of woe.
It's been told around many campfires.
I am here to tell the one
true version.
First,
I will need some help with the midnight dust.
I got it.
Go for it.
Submitted for the approval
of the Midnight Society.
I call this story
the tale of the prom queen.
A bouquet of wildflowers
as if taking a moment
for silent prayer.
Go, Swack!
Then again, maybe we are
ever seen night of a living dead.
All back off, Jam.
You guys always hang around
in graveyards and scare people.
Hey, we're just having a goof.
I'm Greg. This is Jam.
We didn't mean to scare you.
Sure we did. No harm done, right?
Uh, what's your name?
Dee Dee.
What are you doing here by yourself?
Bringing flowers to a grave.
Or maybe looking for ghosts.
Like us?
What's the matter? Can't wait for Halloween?
Forget Halloween, my dear.
Saturday night's prom night.
The night of the prom queen.
prom queen?
You don't know the story of the prom queen?
Uh, no.
Don't you live around here? I used to.
I'm just visiting. Oh, well, it's an old story.
They say that... Oh, let me tell it.
I tell it fast.
It happened a long time ago
on prom night.
A girl was waiting here
by the gates for a date to pick her up.
She was all set to go
wearing her prom dress
and everything.
But it was a foggy night.
Too leafog.
The kind where you can't see cars coming
till it's too late.
So there she was, waiting in the fog
when a car came ripping
around the corner.
Some say that the driver was bombed.
He took the turn too wide.
He bounced over the curb.
He was in the car.
And he hit her.
And the slime just drove off.
Didn't even realize
what he'd done.
They found her the next morning.
And a couple of days later
they buried her
in her prom dress.
That's awful.
That's not the best part.
It gets better.
Oh, yeah.
Every year on prom night
people come back.
People have seen her
by the gates.
Still waiting for the ride
that never comes.
And we're going to see if it's true.
Really?
We've been looking for a grave that might be hers.
Kind of juvenile, huh?
I don't know.
Sounds kind of cool.
You want a help?
It's a big cemetery.
Come on.
Sure.
Why not?
Sounds kind of creepy.
Excellent.
Let's go ghost hunting boys and ghouls.
So we didn't find her grave.
So what?
You gonna finish that?
All I'm saying is I want to find out
if there really was a car accident.
This whole thing could be a waste.
Do you want the rest?
Oh, I'm not hungry.
Maybe we should go to the police.
We're not going to get a lot of accidents.
Yeah, right.
Excuse me, officer.
We're doing a little bit of ghost hunting.
Could we look through all your files for the last 100 years?
Get real.
Well, we could check newspapers.
Newspapers?
Yeah.
If it really happened, there would have been an obituary
or a story on the accident.
Excellent.
They went to the town library
to scan old newspapers on microfil.
Searching for any article in a young girl
in a failed car accident.
And they found it
in 1956.
Stop.
Read that.
This is so neat. I've never seen one of these.
The girl killed my hit.
That's it.
It happened just like you said.
Fog and all.
What's it say?
Local girl.
Night of May 7th, 1956.
Her name was Judy Larson.
He says she was waiting for her boyfriend,
Ricky Mitchell, to pick her up,
but Ricky's mother said that
he never got the message.
Oh, no.
When Ricky heard what happened,
he got so upset that he drove his car
a 1955 Chevy
off the Mayanus River Bridge.
He died too?
They say it was an accident.
And they never found him or the car.
Excellent.
Two gruesome deaths
for the price of...
Oza.
You're just getting spooked by...
Do children like some tea?
Good comeback.
No.
They never scared to death.
That was cool.
Yeah, sure.
If you guys get so scared over an old lady,
what's going to happen when we see the ghost?
This is getting so old.
No, it's not.
It's just getting good.
I say we help Judy.
Help a ghost?
Yeah, according to legend,
Judy's ghost shows up every prom night
waiting for a ride that never comes, right?
Yeah, so?
So, we just read that Ricky never picked her up
because he didn't know he was supposed to.
Judy, I'm here.
Where's little Ricky?
Shut up, champ. What are you saying?
I'm saying we try to contact Ricky's spirit
and tell him to pick her up.
It's better all the time.
Guys, you're going way too far on this.
There's no such thing as ghosts.
My parents go to the movies on Fridays.
We'll use my house.
No, there's only one place to have it.
Where?
Maybe back here tonight, and I'll show you.
Oh, I'm history.
Who knows what will happen when the lights go down?
We'll be here, my dear.
I really believe all this stuff, dude.
I don't know.
It's kind of fun, though.
What do you say?
I say that you're kind of a strange person.
But I like that.
Keep.
That's where Ricky went over.
And they never found the car?
Yuck.
Psych.
Let's go to the marina.
Why can't we just do this right here?
Because this isn't where it happened.
Don't we need a medium or something?
No, I think we just have to concentrate.
Let's hold hands.
I can't believe we're doing this.
Close your eyes.
Clear your minds.
Try to imagine Ricky.
Think of his picture in the newspaper.
To contact Ricky's spirit,
we have to picture him.
Think of what happened that night.
Try to picture an old 55 Chevy.
See it driving onto the bridge.
Ricky's behind the wheel,
and he's very upset because of Judy.
Hey, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
And he's very upset because of Judy.
Hey, you're pretty good at this.
Shhh.
Concentrate.
Imagine Ricky driving.
He's very upset.
He's driving too fast.
He turns onto the bridge,
but at the last second the car swerves.
It skids.
And the Chevy crashes through the railing.
Falls.
And it hits the river right here.
Now picture the car
sitting on the bottom of the river,
filled with water for years and years.
Ricky's inside.
What was that?
Concentrate.
Don't open your eyes.
Keep picturing the car
sitting there under water.
Ricky's grave.
We're trying to contact the spirit of Ricky Mitchell.
Ricky Mitchell.
Do you hear us?
What was that?
Bubbles from fish?
Or a rusty Chevy?
If you can hear us, Ricky,
we've got a message for you.
On the night of the accident,
you were supposed to pick up Judy
by the cemetery on Weaver Street.
She's still waiting for you.
She wants you to pick her up.
This is stupid.
What happened?
She's waiting for you.
She wants you to pick her up.
This is stupid.
What happened?
I don't know. Maybe he ran out of gas.
That wasn't what we thought it was.
Was it?
No.
It could have been a leaky water main.
It could have been a switch pipe.
It could have been some kind of natural gas pockets.
Or a ghost taking an evening spin.
No.
I don't know what it was, but it was no ghost.
How do you know?
Because there are no ghosts.
I don't know what to tell for sure.
Tomorrow night,
the graveyard,
prom night,
be there if you dare.
You afraid of the dark
will rise to sneak again
after this.
Stay November 25th.
Magic motion.
Be the magic motion.
I do a good life.
Magic motion, batteries not included.
Cabbage pads splash in tank kids.
Wow.
They love taking baths, and you can even wash their hair.
I'm taking a bath.
My splash in tank kids.
Cabbage pads splash in tank kids.
Each purchased separately.
It's the G.I. Joe Hall of Pain collection.
Duke, stalker, snake-eyes, and cormor commander.
Each 12 inches tall and authentically detailed
with real combat accessories
and lightened sound weapons for really big action.
The G.I. Joe Hall of Pain collection.
It's a whole new way to play.
Figure sold separately.
Stupid, but brave.
The next day,
we checked the cemetery records.
Found the name.
Judy Larson.
The grave they were looking for.
There she is.
Do we wait here or what?
Maybe we should split up.
No way.
We're staying together.
Well, let's wait down there.
We can see the road to the gate
and the grave from there.
You don't really believe all this stuff, do you?
Move, right?
I don't know.
Let's see what happens.
Does the legend say when she's coming,
it's getting cold?
Midnight.
It's always midnight.
Do you guys feel as stupid as I do?
Do you hear that?
It's wind charms.
That could be anything. That could be the wind through the trees.
It could be something on a grave.
Look, it's her.
Greg, don't.
No way, man. I'm not buying this.
You're crazy. Don't do it.
I got it.
It was Jam's idea. He made me do it.
Jam?
Gotcha. It was awesome.
I thought you were going to have a cow.
I'm going to hurt you.
Chuck, guys.
Guys, my cousin Chuck.
Check this.
Pretty spooky, huh?
Ghostly green.
They're a dead man.
Come on, guys. It was just a goof.
There aren't any real ghosts.
But last night...
Give me a break.
You really think there was a ghost car driving underwater?
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Anybody up there?
You're losing teeth.
Come on, Greg. It was a goof.
What?
I don't know. I swear.
Maybe he's not so crazy after all.
The caretaker, let's jam.
No.
And when I saw you...
You see, I couldn't leave the cemetery
unless someone brought me with them.
And then you solved the mystery
of why Ricky never picked me up
and got him to come.
I gotta go now.
My ride's finally here.
Oh, Dee Dee's my nickname.
My real name is Judy.
Thanks, guys. I'll never forget you.
Patty, clear this meeting
in the Midnight Society closed.
Until next time,
pleasant dreams, everyone.